README.md, before:

# [Visit New Zealand](https://ranj247.github.io/MS-2_Visit-New-Zealand/)

  
The aim of this project is to provide travel guide for New Zealand and highlight the **5 biggest cities in New Zealand and what to do there**. This website has been created for my second milestone project as part of the Diploma in Full Stack Software Development course with Code Institute. The website is responsive on all device sizes.


***

## Table of contents

-  [Overview](#overview)
-  [User stories](#user-stories)
-  [UX](#ux)
-  [Features](#features)
-  [Technologies used](#technologies-used)
-  [Resources](#resources)
-  [Testing](#testing)
-  [Code validity](#code-validity)
-  [Version Control](#version-control)
-  [Deployment](#deployment)
-  [Credits](#credits)
-  [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

***

## Demo
Please click on the image to open link in a new browser window.

![Image](https://res.cloudinary.com/dvsb7k8tp/image/upload/v1621107627/MS2/Am.I.Responsive_yozqls.png)


A live demo can be found - [here](https://ranj247.github.io/MS-2_Visit-New-Zealand/)

***

  

## Overview

New Zealand has become the poster child for how to deal with Covid-19. With the early lockdown and strict border measures mean it has suppressed the virus to an astonishing degree. This also means that there will be highly likely travel restrictions for international travelers, so in the mean time before the travel restrictions will be lifted, this website will allow users to search for holiday destinations in New Zealand. The user can search information about tourist attractions, travel agencies, accommodation, museums, car rentals, restaurants, cafes, and convenience stores near the searched locations.

Furthermore, after completing this project, I would be able to showcase my coding skills and knowledge of the HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap 5, JavaScript and Intractive Frontend Development modules learnt as part of the Code Institute’s FullStack Software Development Diploma Course.
  

***

## User Stories
- I want to be able to search for holiday destinations in New Zealand.
- I want to be able to see tourist attractions and places of interest for the searched destination.
- I want to be able to search and book accomodations and restaurants for the searched destination.
- I want to be able to get in touch with the site owner for any queries. 
  

***

  

## UX

  

This website design will target..

  

***

  

**1. Strategy**

  

The aim of the project is that ..
  

### Business Goals:

  

- Travel guide .. 
  

### Customer Goals:

  

- Travel guide .. 

  
  

**2. Scope**
-   Mobile-first website that is responsive on all devices.
  

  
  
  

**3. Structure**

- The Structure is based upon the three pages website ..

  
  

**4. Skeleton**

 

  

**5. Surface**

  


  

### Typography


  

### Images

  
  
  
  

***

  

## Features

  

**Existing Features**



**Features Left to Implement when skills develop**

  

- ...
- ...
***

  

## Technologies Used

  

**1. Languages**

 

**4. Other**


**5. IDE Extensions used in GitPod**



***

  

## Resources

  

***

  

## Testing

  

- Test carried.. 

**Testing User Stories**


**Project barriers and solutions**

- ..

  

**Code validity**


  

**Version Control**

- Used Git for version control.

  

**Deployment**

  


***

  
  
  

## Credits

  

**Media**


**Content**



**Code Snippets**



***

  

## Acknowledgements


  




***

Commit message:

added project overview and user stories

README.md, after:

# [Visit New Zealand](https://ranj247.github.io/MS-2_Visit-New-Zealand/)

  
The aim of this project is to provide travel guide for New Zealand and highlight the **5 biggest cities in New Zealand and what to do there**. This website has been created for my second milestone project as part of the Diploma in Full Stack Software Development course with Code Institute. The website is responsive on all device sizes.


***

## Table of contents

-  [Overview](#overview)
-  [User stories](#user-stories)
-  [UX](#ux)
-  [Features](#features)
-  [Technologies used](#technologies-used)
-  [Resources](#resources)
-  [Testing](#testing)
-  [Code validity](#code-validity)
-  [Version Control](#version-control)
-  [Deployment](#deployment)
-  [Credits](#credits)
-  [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

***

## Demo
Please click on the image to open link in a new browser window.

![Image](https://res.cloudinary.com/dvsb7k8tp/image/upload/v1621107627/MS2/Am.I.Responsive_yozqls.png)


A live demo can be found - [here](https://ranj247.github.io/MS-2_Visit-New-Zealand/)

***

  

## Overview

New Zealand has become the poster child for how to deal with Covid-19. With the early lockdown and strict border measures mean it has suppressed the virus to an astonishing degree. This also means that there will be highly likely travel restrictions for international travelers, so in the mean time before the travel restrictions will be lifted, this website will allow users to search for holiday destinations in New Zealand. The user can search information about tourist attractions, travel agencies, accommodation, museums, car rentals, restaurants, cafes, and convenience stores near the searched locations.

Furthermore, after completing this project, I would be able to showcase my coding skills and knowledge of the HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap 5, JavaScript and Intractive Frontend Development modules learnt as part of the Code Institute’s FullStack Software Development Diploma Course.
  

***

## User Stories
- I want to be able to search for holiday destinations in New Zealand.
- I want to be able to see tourist attractions and places of interest for the searched destination.
- I want to be able to search and book accomodations and restaurants for the searched destination.
- I want to be able to get in touch with the site owner for any queries. 
  

***

  

## UX


This website will offer travel guide for New Zealand and highlight the 5 biggest cities in New Zealand and what to do there. The website will provide advance user experience in finding holiday destinations in New Zealand along with popular search options made available through the search buttons. It will also advance the site owner's goals of providing useful information to the travelleres, and also exploring the tourist attractions as being an user of the website. The user will be able to contact the site's owner through the contact section and social media links.

  

***

  

**1. Strategy**

  

The aim of the project is that ..
  

### Business Goals:

  

- Travel guide .. 
  

### Customer Goals:

  

- Travel guide .. 

  
  

**2. Scope**
-   Mobile-first website that is responsive on all devices.
  

  
  
  

**3. Structure**

- The Structure is based upon the three pages website ..

  
  

**4. Skeleton**

 

  

**5. Surface**

  


  

### Typography


  

### Images

  
  
  
  

***

  

## Features

  

**Existing Features**



**Features Left to Implement when skills develop**

  

- ...
- ...
***

  

## Technologies Used

  

**1. Languages**

 

**4. Other**


**5. IDE Extensions used in GitPod**



***

  

## Resources

  

***

  

## Testing

  

- Test carried.. 

**Testing User Stories**


**Project barriers and solutions**

- ..

  

**Code validity**


  

**Version Control**

- Used Git for version control.

  

**Deployment**

  


***

  
  
  

## Credits

  

**Media**


**Content**



**Code Snippets**



***

  

## Acknowledgements


  




***
